category.unauthorized access
category.data disclosure
category.data corruption
category.denial of service
category.lost or stolen device
category.unauthorized use
category.malware
category.widespread vulnerability
category.defacement
category.fraud
category.abuse
category.application compromise
category.other
action.malware.vector.Direct install
action.malware.vector.Download by malware
action.malware.vector.Email attachment
action.malware.vector.Email autoexecute
action.malware.vector.Email link
action.malware.vector.Email unknown
action.malware.vector.Instant messaging
action.malware.vector.Network propagation
action.malware.vector.Remote injection
action.malware.vector.Removable media
action.malware.vector.Software update
action.malware.vector.Web download
action.malware.vector.Web drive-by
action.malware.vector.Other
action.malware.vector.Unknown
action.malware.result.Infiltrate
action.malware.result.Exfiltrate
action.malware.result.Elevate
action.malware.variety.Adminware
action.malware.variety.Adware
action.malware.variety.Backdoor
action.malware.variety.Brute force
action.malware.variety.C2
action.malware.variety.Capture app data
action.malware.variety.Capture stored data
action.malware.variety.Click fraud
action.malware.variety.Click fraud and Cryptocurrency mining
action.malware.variety.Client-side attack
action.malware.variety.Cryptocurrency mining
action.malware.variety.Destroy data
action.malware.variety.Disable controls
action.malware.variety.DoS
action.malware.variety.Downloader
action.malware.variety.Exploit misconfig
action.malware.variety.Exploit vuln
action.malware.variety.Export data
action.malware.variety.Modify data
action.malware.variety.Packet sniffer
action.malware.variety.Password dumper
action.malware.variety.Ram scraper
action.malware.variety.Ransomware
action.malware.variety.Rootkit
action.malware.variety.Scan network
action.malware.variety.Spam
action.malware.variety.Spyware/Keylogger
action.malware.variety.SQL injection
action.malware.variety.Worm
action.malware.variety.Other
action.malware.variety.Unknown
action.social.vector.Documents
action.social.vector.Email
action.social.vector.IM
action.social.vector.In-person
action.social.vector.Phone
action.social.vector.Removable media
action.social.vector.SMS
action.social.vector.Social media
action.social.vector.Software
action.social.vector.Website
action.social.vector.Other
action.social.vector.Unknown
action.social.variety.Baiting
action.social.variety.Bribery
action.social.variety.Elicitation
action.social.variety.Extortion
action.social.variety.Forgery
action.social.variety.Influence
action.social.variety.Phishing
action.social.variety.Pretexting
action.social.variety.Propaganda
action.social.variety.Scam
action.social.variety.Spam
action.social.variety.Other
action.social.variety.Unknown
action.social.result.Infiltrate
action.social.result.Exfiltrate
action.social.result.Elevate
action.social.target.Auditor
action.social.target.Call center
action.social.target.Cashier
action.social.target.Customer
action.social.target.Developer
action.social.target.End-user
action.social.target.Executive
action.social.target.Finance
action.social.target.Former employee
action.social.target.Guard
action.social.target.Helpdesk
action.social.target.Human resources
action.social.target.Maintenance
action.social.target.Manager
action.social.target.Partner
action.social.target.System admin
action.social.target.Other
action.social.target.Unknown
action.environmental.variety.Deterioration
action.environmental.variety.Earthquake
action.environmental.variety.EMI
action.environmental.variety.ESD
action.environmental.variety.Fire
action.environmental.variety.Flood
action.environmental.variety.Hazmat
action.environmental.variety.Humidity
action.environmental.variety.Hurricane
action.environmental.variety.Ice
action.environmental.variety.Landslide
action.environmental.variety.Leak
action.environmental.variety.Lightning
action.environmental.variety.Meteorite
action.environmental.variety.Particulates
action.environmental.variety.Pathogen
action.environmental.variety.Power failure
action.environmental.variety.Temperature
action.environmental.variety.Tornado
action.environmental.variety.Tsunami
action.environmental.variety.Vermin
action.environmental.variety.Volcano
action.environmental.variety.Wind
action.environmental.variety.Other
action.environmental.variety.Unknown
action.error.vector.Carelessness
action.error.vector.Inadequate personnel
action.error.vector.Inadequate processes
action.error.vector.Inadequate technology
action.error.vector.Random error
action.error.vector.Other
action.error.vector.Unknown
action.error.variety.Capacity shortage
action.error.variety.Classification error
action.error.variety.Data entry error
action.error.variety.Disposal error
action.error.variety.Gaffe
action.error.variety.Loss
action.error.variety.Maintenance error
action.error.variety.Malfunction
action.error.variety.Misconfiguration
action.error.variety.Misdelivery
action.error.variety.Misinformation
action.error.variety.Omission
action.error.variety.Physical accidents
action.error.variety.Programming error
action.error.variety.Publishing error
action.error.variety.Other
action.error.variety.Unknown
action.misuse.vector.LAN access
action.misuse.vector.Non-corporate
action.misuse.vector.Physical access
action.misuse.vector.Remote access
action.misuse.vector.Other
action.misuse.vector.Unknown
action.misuse.result.Infiltrate
action.misuse.result.Exfiltrate
action.misuse.result.Elevate
action.misuse.variety.Data mishandling
action.misuse.variety.Email misuse
action.misuse.variety.Embezzlement
action.misuse.variety.Illicit content
action.misuse.variety.Knowledge abuse
action.misuse.variety.Net misuse
action.misuse.variety.Possession abuse
action.misuse.variety.Privilege abuse
action.misuse.variety.Unapproved hardware
action.misuse.variety.Unapproved software
action.misuse.variety.Unapproved workaround
action.misuse.variety.Other
action.misuse.variety.Unknown
action.hacking.vector.3rd party desktop
action.hacking.vector.Backdoor or C2
action.hacking.vector.Command shell
action.hacking.vector.Desktop sharing
action.hacking.vector.Desktop sharing software
action.hacking.vector.Partner
action.hacking.vector.Physical access
action.hacking.vector.VPN
action.hacking.vector.Web application
action.hacking.vector.Other
action.hacking.vector.Unknown
action.hacking.result.Infiltrate
action.hacking.result.Exfiltrate
action.hacking.result.Elevate
action.hacking.variety.Abuse of functionality
action.hacking.variety.Brute force
action.hacking.variety.Buffer overflow
action.hacking.variety.Cache poisoning
action.hacking.variety.Cryptanalysis
action.hacking.variety.CSRF
action.hacking.variety.DoS
action.hacking.variety.Exploit misconfig
action.hacking.variety.Exploit vuln
action.hacking.variety.Footprinting
action.hacking.variety.Forced browsing
action.hacking.variety.Format string attack
action.hacking.variety.Fuzz testing
action.hacking.variety.HTTP request smuggling
action.hacking.variety.HTTP request splitting
action.hacking.variety.HTTP response smuggling
action.hacking.variety.HTTP Response Splitting
action.hacking.variety.Integer overflows
action.hacking.variety.LDAP injection
action.hacking.variety.Mail command injection
action.hacking.variety.MitM
action.hacking.variety.Null byte injection
action.hacking.variety.Offline cracking
action.hacking.variety.OS commanding
action.hacking.variety.Path traversal
action.hacking.variety.Reverse engineering
action.hacking.variety.RFI
action.hacking.variety.Routing detour
action.hacking.variety.Session fixation
action.hacking.variety.Session prediction
action.hacking.variety.Session replay
action.hacking.variety.Soap array abuse
action.hacking.variety.Special element injection
action.hacking.variety.SQLi
action.hacking.variety.SSI injection
action.hacking.variety.URL redirector abuse
action.hacking.variety.Use of backdoor or C2
action.hacking.variety.Use of stolen creds
action.hacking.variety.Virtual machine escape
action.hacking.variety.XML attribute blowup
action.hacking.variety.XML entity expansion
action.hacking.variety.XML external entities
action.hacking.variety.XML injection
action.hacking.variety.XPath injection
action.hacking.variety.XQuery injection
action.hacking.variety.XSS
action.hacking.variety.Other
action.hacking.variety.Unknown
action.physical.vector.Partner facility
action.physical.vector.Partner vehicle
action.physical.vector.Personal residence
action.physical.vector.Personal vehicle
action.physical.vector.Privileged Access
action.physical.vector.Uncontrolled location
action.physical.vector.Public facility
action.physical.vector.Public vehicle
action.physical.vector.Victim secure area
action.physical.vector.Victim work area
action.physical.vector.Victim public area
action.physical.vector.Victim grounds
action.physical.vector.Visitor privileges
action.physical.vector.Other
action.physical.vector.Unknown
action.physical.result.Infiltrate
action.physical.result.Exfiltrate
action.physical.result.Elevate
action.physical.variety.Assault
action.physical.variety.Bypassed controls
action.physical.variety.Connection
action.physical.variety.Destruction
action.physical.variety.Disabled controls
action.physical.variety.Skimmer
action.physical.variety.Sabotage
action.physical.variety.Snooping
action.physical.variety.Surveillance
action.physical.variety.Tampering
action.physical.variety.Theft
action.physical.variety.Wiretapping
action.physical.variety.Other
action.physical.variety.Unknown
actor.impact.loss.rating.Major
actor.impact.loss.rating.Moderate
actor.impact.loss.rating.Minor
actor.impact.loss.rating.None
actor.impact.loss.rating.Unknown
actor.impact.loss.variety.Asset and fraud
actor.impact.loss.variety.Brand damage
actor.impact.loss.variety.Business disruption
actor.impact.loss.variety.Operating costs
actor.impact.loss.variety.Legal and regulatory
actor.impact.loss.variety.Competitive advantage
actor.impact.loss.variety.Response and recovery
actor.impact.overall_rating.Insignificant
actor.impact.overall_rating.Distracting
actor.impact.overall_rating.Painful
actor.impact.overall_rating.Damaging
actor.impact.overall_rating.Catastrophic
actor.impact.overall_rating.Unknown
actor.iso_currency_code.AED
actor.iso_currency_code.AFN
actor.iso_currency_code.ALL
actor.iso_currency_code.AMD
actor.iso_currency_code.ANG
actor.iso_currency_code.AOA
actor.iso_currency_code.ARS
actor.iso_currency_code.AUD
actor.iso_currency_code.AWG
actor.iso_currency_code.AZN
actor.iso_currency_code.BAM
actor.iso_currency_code.BBD
actor.iso_currency_code.BDT
actor.iso_currency_code.BGN
actor.iso_currency_code.BHD
actor.iso_currency_code.BIF
actor.iso_currency_code.BMD
actor.iso_currency_code.BND
actor.iso_currency_code.BOB
actor.iso_currency_code.BRL
actor.iso_currency_code.BSD
actor.iso_currency_code.BTN
actor.iso_currency_code.BWP
actor.iso_currency_code.BYR
actor.iso_currency_code.BZD
actor.iso_currency_code.CAD
actor.iso_currency_code.CDF
actor.iso_currency_code.CHF
actor.iso_currency_code.CLP
actor.iso_currency_code.CNY
actor.iso_currency_code.COP
actor.iso_currency_code.CRC
actor.iso_currency_code.CUC
actor.iso_currency_code.CUP
actor.iso_currency_code.CVE
actor.iso_currency_code.CZK
actor.iso_currency_code.DJF
actor.iso_currency_code.DKK
actor.iso_currency_code.DOP
actor.iso_currency_code.DZD
actor.iso_currency_code.EGP
actor.iso_currency_code.ERN
actor.iso_currency_code.ETB
actor.iso_currency_code.EUR
actor.iso_currency_code.FJD
actor.iso_currency_code.FKP
actor.iso_currency_code.GBP
actor.iso_currency_code.GEL
actor.iso_currency_code.GGP
actor.iso_currency_code.GHS
actor.iso_currency_code.GIP
actor.iso_currency_code.GMD
actor.iso_currency_code.GNF
actor.iso_currency_code.GTQ
actor.iso_currency_code.GYD
actor.iso_currency_code.HKD
actor.iso_currency_code.HNL
actor.iso_currency_code.HRK
actor.iso_currency_code.HTG
actor.iso_currency_code.HUF
actor.iso_currency_code.IDR
actor.iso_currency_code.ILS
actor.iso_currency_code.IMP
actor.iso_currency_code.INR
actor.iso_currency_code.IQD
actor.iso_currency_code.IRR
actor.iso_currency_code.ISK
actor.iso_currency_code.JEP
actor.iso_currency_code.JMD
actor.iso_currency_code.JOD
actor.iso_currency_code.JPY
actor.iso_currency_code.KES
actor.iso_currency_code.KGS
actor.iso_currency_code.KHR
actor.iso_currency_code.KMF
actor.iso_currency_code.KPW
actor.iso_currency_code.KRW
actor.iso_currency_code.KWD
actor.iso_currency_code.KYD
actor.iso_currency_code.KZT
actor.iso_currency_code.LAK
actor.iso_currency_code.LBP
actor.iso_currency_code.LKR
actor.iso_currency_code.LRD
actor.iso_currency_code.LSL
actor.iso_currency_code.LTL
actor.iso_currency_code.LVL
actor.iso_currency_code.LYD
actor.iso_currency_code.MAD
actor.iso_currency_code.MDL
actor.iso_currency_code.MGA
actor.iso_currency_code.MKD
actor.iso_currency_code.MMK
actor.iso_currency_code.MNT
actor.iso_currency_code.MOP
actor.iso_currency_code.MRO
actor.iso_currency_code.MUR
actor.iso_currency_code.MVR
actor.iso_currency_code.MWK
actor.iso_currency_code.MXN
actor.iso_currency_code.MYR
actor.iso_currency_code.MZN
actor.iso_currency_code.NAD
actor.iso_currency_code.NGN
actor.iso_currency_code.NIO
actor.iso_currency_code.NOK
actor.iso_currency_code.NPR
actor.iso_currency_code.NZD
actor.iso_currency_code.OMR
actor.iso_currency_code.PAB
actor.iso_currency_code.PEN
actor.iso_currency_code.PGK
actor.iso_currency_code.PHP
actor.iso_currency_code.PKR
actor.iso_currency_code.PLN
actor.iso_currency_code.PYG
actor.iso_currency_code.QAR
actor.iso_currency_code.RON
actor.iso_currency_code.RSD
actor.iso_currency_code.RUB
actor.iso_currency_code.RWF
actor.iso_currency_code.SAR
actor.iso_currency_code.SBD
actor.iso_currency_code.SCR
actor.iso_currency_code.SDG
actor.iso_currency_code.SEK
actor.iso_currency_code.SGD
actor.iso_currency_code.SHP
actor.iso_currency_code.SLL
actor.iso_currency_code.SOS
actor.iso_currency_code.SPL
actor.iso_currency_code.SRD
actor.iso_currency_code.STD
actor.iso_currency_code.SVC
actor.iso_currency_code.SYP
actor.iso_currency_code.SZL
actor.iso_currency_code.THB
actor.iso_currency_code.TJS
actor.iso_currency_code.TMT
actor.iso_currency_code.TND
actor.iso_currency_code.TOP
actor.iso_currency_code.TRY
actor.iso_currency_code.TTD
actor.iso_currency_code.TVD
actor.iso_currency_code.TWD
actor.iso_currency_code.TZS
actor.iso_currency_code.UAH
actor.iso_currency_code.UGX
actor.iso_currency_code.USD
actor.iso_currency_code.UYU
actor.iso_currency_code.UZS
actor.iso_currency_code.VEF
actor.iso_currency_code.VND
actor.iso_currency_code.VUV
actor.iso_currency_code.WST
actor.iso_currency_code.XAF
actor.iso_currency_code.XCD
actor.iso_currency_code.XDR
actor.iso_currency_code.XOF
actor.iso_currency_code.XPF
actor.iso_currency_code.YER
actor.iso_currency_code.ZAR
actor.iso_currency_code.ZMK
actor.iso_currency_code.ZWD
actor.confidence.High
actor.confidence.Medium
actor.confidence.Low
actor.confidence.None
actor.value-chain.development.variety.Bot
actor.value-chain.development.variety.Trojan
actor.value-chain.development.variety.Payload
actor.value-chain.development.variety.Website
actor.value-chain.development.variety.Exploit
actor.value-chain.development.variety.Persona
actor.value-chain.development.variety.Ransomware
actor.value-chain.development.variety.Exploit kits
actor.value-chain.development.variety.NA
actor.value-chain.development.variety.Other
actor.value-chain.development.variety.Unknown
actor.value-chain.targeting.variety.Lost or stolen credentials
actor.value-chain.targeting.variety.Default credentials
actor.value-chain.targeting.variety.Email addresses
actor.value-chain.targeting.variety.Vulnerabilities
actor.value-chain.targeting.variety.Misconfigurations
actor.value-chain.targeting.variety.Weaknesses
actor.value-chain.targeting.variety.Personal information
actor.value-chain.targeting.variety.Organizational information
actor.value-chain.targeting.variety.NA
actor.value-chain.targeting.variety.Other
actor.value-chain.targeting.variety.Unknown
actor.value-chain.cash-out.variety.Cryptocurrency
actor.value-chain.cash-out.variety.Hijacked rewards
actor.value-chain.cash-out.variety.Sell stolen goods
actor.value-chain.cash-out.variety.Fraud
actor.value-chain.cash-out.variety.Direct
actor.value-chain.cash-out.variety.Provide service
actor.value-chain.cash-out.variety.NA
actor.value-chain.cash-out.variety.Other
actor.value-chain.cash-out.variety.Unknown
actor.value-chain.money-laundering.variety.Cryptocurrency tumbling
actor.value-chain.money-laundering.variety.Smurfing
actor.value-chain.money-laundering.variety.Physical
actor.value-chain.money-laundering.variety.Employment
actor.value-chain.money-laundering.variety.Re-shipping
actor.value-chain.money-laundering.variety.Gambling
actor.value-chain.money-laundering.variety.Bank
actor.value-chain.money-laundering.variety.Company
actor.value-chain.non-distribution services.variety.Counter AV
actor.value-chain.non-distribution services.variety.DNS
actor.value-chain.non-distribution services.variety.Hashcracking
actor.value-chain.non-distribution services.variety.Marketplace
actor.value-chain.non-distribution services.variety.Proxy
actor.value-chain.non-distribution services.variety.VPN
actor.value-chain.non-distribution services.variety.NA
actor.value-chain.non-distribution services.variety.Other
actor.value-chain.non-distribution services.variety.Unknown
actor.value-chain.distribution.variety.Website
actor.value-chain.distribution.variety.Botnet
actor.value-chain.distribution.variety.Compromised server
actor.value-chain.distribution.variety.Email
actor.value-chain.distribution.variety.Phone
actor.value-chain.distribution.variety.Loader
actor.value-chain.distribution.variety.NA
actor.value-chain.distribution.variety.Other
actor.value-chain.distribution.variety.Unknown
actor.targeted.Opportunistic
actor.targeted.Targeted
actor.targeted.NA
actor.targeted.Unknown
actor.attribute.integrity.variety.Alter behavior
actor.attribute.integrity.variety.Created account
actor.attribute.integrity.variety.Defacement
actor.attribute.integrity.variety.Fraudulent transaction
actor.attribute.integrity.variety.Hardware tampering
actor.attribute.integrity.variety.Log tampering
actor.attribute.integrity.variety.Misappropriation
actor.attribute.integrity.variety.Misrepresentation
actor.attribute.integrity.variety.Modify configuration
actor.attribute.integrity.variety.Modify privileges
actor.attribute.integrity.variety.Modify data
actor.attribute.integrity.variety.Software installation
actor.attribute.integrity.variety.Other
actor.attribute.integrity.variety.Unknown
actor.attribute.availability.duration.unit.Seconds
actor.attribute.availability.duration.unit.Minutes
actor.attribute.availability.duration.unit.Hours
actor.attribute.availability.duration.unit.Days
actor.attribute.availability.duration.unit.Weeks
actor.attribute.availability.duration.unit.Months
actor.attribute.availability.duration.unit.Years
actor.attribute.availability.duration.unit.Never
actor.attribute.availability.duration.unit.NA
actor.attribute.availability.duration.unit.Unknown
actor.attribute.availability.variety.Destruction
actor.attribute.availability.variety.Loss
actor.attribute.availability.variety.Interruption
actor.attribute.availability.variety.Degradation
actor.attribute.availability.variety.Acceleration
actor.attribute.availability.variety.Obscuration
actor.attribute.availability.variety.Other
actor.attribute.availability.variety.Unknown
actor.attribute.confidentiality.data_victim.Customer
actor.attribute.confidentiality.data_victim.Employee
actor.attribute.confidentiality.data_victim.Partner
actor.attribute.confidentiality.data_victim.Patient
actor.attribute.confidentiality.data_victim.Student
actor.attribute.confidentiality.data_victim.Victim organization
actor.attribute.confidentiality.data_victim.Other
actor.attribute.confidentiality.data_victim.Unknown
actor.attribute.confidentiality.state.Printed
actor.attribute.confidentiality.state.Processed
actor.attribute.confidentiality.state.Stored
actor.attribute.confidentiality.state.Stored encrypted
actor.attribute.confidentiality.state.Stored unencrypted
actor.attribute.confidentiality.state.Transmitted
actor.attribute.confidentiality.state.Transmitted encrypted
actor.attribute.confidentiality.state.Transmitted unencrypted
actor.attribute.confidentiality.state.Other
actor.attribute.confidentiality.state.Unknown
actor.attribute.confidentiality.data.variety.Bank
actor.attribute.confidentiality.data.variety.Classified
actor.attribute.confidentiality.data.variety.Copyrighted
actor.attribute.confidentiality.data.variety.Credentials
actor.attribute.confidentiality.data.variety.Digital certificate
actor.attribute.confidentiality.data.variety.Internal
actor.attribute.confidentiality.data.variety.Medical
actor.attribute.confidentiality.data.variety.Payment
actor.attribute.confidentiality.data.variety.Personal
actor.attribute.confidentiality.data.variety.Secrets
actor.attribute.confidentiality.data.variety.Source code
actor.attribute.confidentiality.data.variety.System
actor.attribute.confidentiality.data.variety.Virtual currency
actor.attribute.confidentiality.data.variety.Other
actor.attribute.confidentiality.data.variety.Unknown
actor.attribute.confidentiality.data_disclosure.Yes
actor.attribute.confidentiality.data_disclosure.Potentially
actor.attribute.confidentiality.data_disclosure.No
actor.attribute.confidentiality.data_disclosure.Unknown
actor.discovery_method.partner.variety.Antivirus
actor.discovery_method.partner.variety.Audit
actor.discovery_method.partner.variety.Incident Response
actor.discovery_method.partner.variety.Monitoring service
actor.discovery_method.partner.variety.Other
actor.discovery_method.partner.variety.Unknown
actor.discovery_method.internal.variety.Antivirus
actor.discovery_method.internal.variety.Break in discovered
actor.discovery_method.internal.variety.Data loss prevention
actor.discovery_method.internal.variety.Financial Audit
actor.discovery_method.internal.variety.Fraud Detection
actor.discovery_method.internal.variety.HIDS
actor.discovery_method.internal.variety.Incident Response
actor.discovery_method.internal.variety.Infrastructure monitoring
actor.discovery_method.internal.variety.IT review
actor.discovery_method.internal.variety.Log review
actor.discovery_method.internal.variety.NIDS
actor.discovery_method.internal.variety.Other
actor.discovery_method.internal.variety.Reported by employee
actor.discovery_method.internal.variety.Security alarm
actor.discovery_method.internal.variety.Unknown
actor.discovery_method.external.variety.Actor disclosure
actor.discovery_method.external.variety.Audit
actor.discovery_method.external.variety.Customer
actor.discovery_method.external.variety.Emergency response team
actor.discovery_method.external.variety.Found documents
actor.discovery_method.external.variety.Fraud detection
actor.discovery_method.external.variety.Incident respose
actor.discovery_method.external.variety.Law enforcement
actor.discovery_method.external.variety.Monitoring service
actor.discovery_method.external.variety.Other
actor.discovery_method.external.variety.Security researcher
actor.discovery_method.external.variety.Suspicious traffic
actor.discovery_method.external.variety.Unknown
actor.discovery_method.external.variety.Unrelated third party
actor.cost_corrective_action.Simple and cheap
actor.cost_corrective_action.Difficult and expensive
actor.cost_corrective_action.Something in-between
actor.cost_corrective_action.Unknown
actor.security_incident.Confirmed
actor.security_incident.Suspected
actor.security_incident.False positive
actor.security_incident.Near miss
actor.internal.motive.Convenience
actor.internal.motive.NA
actor.internal.motive.Espionage
actor.internal.motive.Fear
actor.internal.motive.Financial
actor.internal.motive.Fun
actor.internal.motive.Grudge
actor.internal.motive.Ideology
actor.internal.motive.Secondary
actor.internal.motive.Other
actor.internal.motive.Unknown
actor.internal.job_change.Demoted
actor.internal.job_change.Hired
actor.internal.job_change.Job eval
actor.internal.job_change.Lateral move
actor.internal.job_change.Terminated
actor.internal.job_change.Passed over
actor.internal.job_change.Personal issues
actor.internal.job_change.Promoted
actor.internal.job_change.Resigned
actor.internal.job_change.Other
actor.internal.job_change.Unknown
actor.internal.variety.Auditor
actor.internal.variety.Call center
actor.internal.variety.Cashier
actor.internal.variety.Developer
actor.internal.variety.Doctor or nurse
actor.internal.variety.End-user
actor.internal.variety.Executive
actor.internal.variety.Finance
actor.internal.variety.Guard
actor.internal.variety.Helpdesk
actor.internal.variety.Human resources
actor.internal.variety.Maintenance
actor.internal.variety.Manager
actor.internal.variety.System admin
actor.internal.variety.Other
actor.internal.variety.Unknown
actor.external.motive.Convenience
actor.external.motive.Espionage
actor.external.motive.Fear
actor.external.motive.Financial
actor.external.motive.Fun
actor.external.motive.Grudge
actor.external.motive.Ideology
actor.external.motive.NA
actor.external.motive.Secondary
actor.external.motive.Other
actor.external.motive.Unknown
actor.external.country.AD
actor.external.country.AE
actor.external.country.AF
actor.external.country.AG
actor.external.country.AI
actor.external.country.AL
actor.external.country.AM
actor.external.country.AO
actor.external.country.AQ
actor.external.country.AR
actor.external.country.AS
actor.external.country.AT
actor.external.country.AU
actor.external.country.AW
actor.external.country.AX
actor.external.country.AZ
actor.external.country.BA
actor.external.country.BB
actor.external.country.BD
actor.external.country.BE
actor.external.country.BF
actor.external.country.BG
actor.external.country.BH
actor.external.country.BI
actor.external.country.BJ
actor.external.country.BL
actor.external.country.BM
actor.external.country.BN
actor.external.country.BO
actor.external.country.BQ
actor.external.country.BR
actor.external.country.BS
actor.external.country.BT
actor.external.country.BV
actor.external.country.BW
actor.external.country.BY
actor.external.country.BZ
actor.external.country.CA
actor.external.country.CC
actor.external.country.CD
actor.external.country.CF
actor.external.country.CG
actor.external.country.CH
actor.external.country.CI
actor.external.country.CK
actor.external.country.CL
actor.external.country.CM
actor.external.country.CN
actor.external.country.CO
actor.external.country.CR
actor.external.country.CU
actor.external.country.CV
actor.external.country.CW
actor.external.country.CX
actor.external.country.CY
actor.external.country.CZ
actor.external.country.DE
actor.external.country.DJ
actor.external.country.DK
actor.external.country.DM
actor.external.country.DO
actor.external.country.DZ
actor.external.country.EC
actor.external.country.EE
actor.external.country.EG
actor.external.country.EH
actor.external.country.ER
actor.external.country.ES
actor.external.country.ET
actor.external.country.FI
actor.external.country.FJ
actor.external.country.FK
actor.external.country.FM
actor.external.country.FO
actor.external.country.FR
actor.external.country.GA
actor.external.country.GB
actor.external.country.GD
actor.external.country.GE
actor.external.country.GF
actor.external.country.GG
actor.external.country.GH
actor.external.country.GI
actor.external.country.GL
actor.external.country.GM
actor.external.country.GN
actor.external.country.GP
actor.external.country.GQ
actor.external.country.GR
actor.external.country.GS
actor.external.country.GT
actor.external.country.GU
actor.external.country.GW
actor.external.country.GY
actor.external.country.HK
actor.external.country.HM
actor.external.country.HN
actor.external.country.HR
actor.external.country.HT
actor.external.country.HU
actor.external.country.ID
actor.external.country.IE
actor.external.country.IL
actor.external.country.IM
actor.external.country.IN
actor.external.country.IO
actor.external.country.IQ
actor.external.country.IR
actor.external.country.IS
actor.external.country.IT
actor.external.country.JE
actor.external.country.JM
actor.external.country.JO
actor.external.country.JP
actor.external.country.KE
actor.external.country.KG
actor.external.country.KH
actor.external.country.KI
actor.external.country.KM
actor.external.country.KN
actor.external.country.KP
actor.external.country.KR
actor.external.country.KW
actor.external.country.KY
actor.external.country.KZ
actor.external.country.LA
actor.external.country.LB
actor.external.country.LC
actor.external.country.LI
actor.external.country.LK
actor.external.country.LR
actor.external.country.LS
actor.external.country.LT
actor.external.country.LU
actor.external.country.LV
actor.external.country.LY
actor.external.country.MA
actor.external.country.MC
actor.external.country.MD
actor.external.country.ME
actor.external.country.MF
actor.external.country.MG
actor.external.country.MH
actor.external.country.MK
actor.external.country.ML
actor.external.country.MM
actor.external.country.MN
actor.external.country.MO
actor.external.country.MP
actor.external.country.MQ
actor.external.country.MR
actor.external.country.MS
actor.external.country.MT
actor.external.country.MU
actor.external.country.MV
actor.external.country.MW
actor.external.country.MX
actor.external.country.MY
actor.external.country.MZ
actor.external.country.NA
actor.external.country.NC
actor.external.country.NE
actor.external.country.NF
actor.external.country.NG
actor.external.country.NI
actor.external.country.NL
actor.external.country.NO
actor.external.country.NP
actor.external.country.NR
actor.external.country.NU
actor.external.country.NZ
actor.external.country.OM
actor.external.country.Other
actor.external.country.PA
actor.external.country.PE
actor.external.country.PF
actor.external.country.PG
actor.external.country.PH
actor.external.country.PK
actor.external.country.PL
actor.external.country.PM
actor.external.country.PN
actor.external.country.PR
actor.external.country.PS
actor.external.country.PT
actor.external.country.PW
actor.external.country.PY
actor.external.country.QA
actor.external.country.RE
actor.external.country.RO
actor.external.country.RS
actor.external.country.RU
actor.external.country.RW
actor.external.country.SA
actor.external.country.SB
actor.external.country.SC
actor.external.country.SD
actor.external.country.SE
actor.external.country.SG
actor.external.country.SH
actor.external.country.SI
actor.external.country.SJ
actor.external.country.SK
actor.external.country.SL
actor.external.country.SM
actor.external.country.SN
actor.external.country.SO
actor.external.country.SR
actor.external.country.SS
actor.external.country.ST
actor.external.country.SV
actor.external.country.SX
actor.external.country.SY
actor.external.country.SZ
actor.external.country.TC
actor.external.country.TD
actor.external.country.TF
actor.external.country.TG
actor.external.country.TH
actor.external.country.TJ
actor.external.country.TK
actor.external.country.TL
actor.external.country.TM
actor.external.country.TN
actor.external.country.TO
actor.external.country.TR
actor.external.country.TT
actor.external.country.TV
actor.external.country.TW
actor.external.country.TZ
actor.external.country.UA
actor.external.country.UG
actor.external.country.UM
actor.external.country.US
actor.external.country.UY
actor.external.country.UZ
actor.external.country.Unknown
actor.external.country.VA
actor.external.country.VC
actor.external.country.VE
actor.external.country.VG
actor.external.country.VI
actor.external.country.VN
actor.external.country.VU
actor.external.country.WF
actor.external.country.WS
actor.external.country.YE
actor.external.country.YT
actor.external.country.ZA
actor.external.country.ZM
actor.external.country.ZW
actor.external.variety.Acquaintance
actor.external.variety.Activist
actor.external.variety.Auditor
actor.external.variety.Competitor
actor.external.variety.Customer
actor.external.variety.Force majeure
actor.external.variety.Former employee
actor.external.variety.Nation-state
actor.external.variety.Organized crime
actor.external.variety.State-affiliated
actor.external.variety.Terrorist
actor.external.variety.Unaffiliated
actor.external.variety.Other
actor.external.variety.Unknown
actor.victim.employee_count.1 to 10
actor.victim.employee_count.11 to 100
actor.victim.employee_count.101 to 1000
actor.victim.employee_count.Small
actor.victim.employee_count.Large
actor.victim.employee_count.1001 to 10000
actor.victim.employee_count.10001 to 25000
actor.victim.employee_count.25001 to 50000
actor.victim.employee_count.50001 to 100000
actor.victim.employee_count.Over 100000
actor.victim.employee_count.Unknown
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.AED
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.AFN
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.ALL
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.AMD
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.ANG
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.AOA
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.ARS
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.AUD
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.AWG
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.AZN
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.BAM
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.BBD
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.BDT
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.BGN
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.BHD
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.BIF
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.BMD
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.BND
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.BOB
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.BRL
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.BSD
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.BTN
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.BWP
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.BYR
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.BZD
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.CAD
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.CDF
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.CHF
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.CLP
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.CNY
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.COP
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.CRC
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.CUC
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.CUP
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.CVE
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.CZK
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.DJF
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.DKK
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.DOP
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.DZD
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.EGP
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.ERN
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.ETB
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.EUR
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.FJD
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.FKP
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.GBP
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.GEL
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.GGP
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.GHS
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.GIP
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.GMD
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.GNF
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.GTQ
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.GYD
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.HKD
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.HNL
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.HRK
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.HTG
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.HUF
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.IDR
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.ILS
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.IMP
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.INR
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.IQD
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.IRR
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.ISK
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.JEP
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.JMD
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.JOD
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.JPY
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.KES
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.KGS
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.KHR
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.KMF
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.KPW
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.KRW
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.KWD
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.KYD
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.KZT
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.LAK
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.LBP
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.LKR
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.LRD
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.LSL
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.LTL
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.LVL
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.LYD
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.MAD
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.MDL
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.MGA
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.MKD
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.MMK
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.MNT
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.MOP
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.MRO
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.MUR
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.MVR
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.MWK
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.MXN
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.MYR
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.MZN
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.NAD
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.NGN
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.NIO
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.NOK
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.NPR
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.NZD
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.OMR
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.PAB
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.PEN
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.PGK
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.PHP
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.PKR
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.PLN
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.PYG
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.QAR
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.RON
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.RSD
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.RUB
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.RWF
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.SAR
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.SBD
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.SCR
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.SDG
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.SEK
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.SGD
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.SHP
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.SLL
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.SOS
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.SPL
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.SRD
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.STD
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.SVC
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.SYP
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.SZL
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.THB
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.TJS
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.TMT
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.TND
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.TOP
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.TRY
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.TTD
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.TVD
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.TWD
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.TZS
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.UAH
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.UGX
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.USD
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.UYU
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.UZS
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.VEF
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.VND
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.VUV
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.WST
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.XAF
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.XCD
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.XDR
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.XOF
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.XPF
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.YER
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.ZAR
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.ZMK
actor.victim.revenue.iso_currency_code.ZWD
actor.country.AD
actor.country.AE
actor.country.AF
actor.country.AG
actor.country.AI
actor.country.AL
actor.country.AM
actor.country.AO
actor.country.AQ
actor.country.AR
actor.country.AS
actor.country.AT
actor.country.AU
actor.country.AW
actor.country.AX
actor.country.AZ
actor.country.BA
actor.country.BB
actor.country.BD
actor.country.BE
actor.country.BF
actor.country.BG
actor.country.BH
actor.country.BI
actor.country.BJ
actor.country.BL
actor.country.BM
actor.country.BN
actor.country.BO
actor.country.BQ
actor.country.BR
actor.country.BS
actor.country.BT
actor.country.BV
actor.country.BW
actor.country.BY
actor.country.BZ
actor.country.CA
actor.country.CC
actor.country.CD
actor.country.CF
actor.country.CG
actor.country.CH
actor.country.CI
actor.country.CK
actor.country.CL
actor.country.CM
actor.country.CN
actor.country.CO
actor.country.CR
actor.country.CU
actor.country.CV
actor.country.CW
actor.country.CX
actor.country.CY
actor.country.CZ
actor.country.DE
actor.country.DJ
actor.country.DK
actor.country.DM
actor.country.DO
actor.country.DZ
actor.country.EC
actor.country.EE
actor.country.EG
actor.country.EH
actor.country.ER
actor.country.ES
actor.country.ET
actor.country.FI
actor.country.FJ
actor.country.FK
actor.country.FM
actor.country.FO
actor.country.FR
actor.country.GA
actor.country.GB
actor.country.GD
actor.country.GE
actor.country.GF
actor.country.GG
actor.country.GH
actor.country.GI
actor.country.GL
actor.country.GM
actor.country.GN
actor.country.GP
actor.country.GQ
actor.country.GR
actor.country.GS
actor.country.GT
actor.country.GU
actor.country.GW
actor.country.GY
actor.country.HK
actor.country.HM
actor.country.HN
actor.country.HR
actor.country.HT
actor.country.HU
actor.country.ID
actor.country.IE
actor.country.IL
actor.country.IM
actor.country.IN
actor.country.IO
actor.country.IQ
actor.country.IR
actor.country.IS
actor.country.IT
actor.country.JE
actor.country.JM
actor.country.JO
actor.country.JP
actor.country.KE
actor.country.KG
actor.country.KH
actor.country.KI
actor.country.KM
actor.country.KN
actor.country.KP
actor.country.KR
actor.country.KW
actor.country.KY
actor.country.KZ
actor.country.LA
actor.country.LB
actor.country.LC
actor.country.LI
actor.country.LK
actor.country.LR
actor.country.LS
actor.country.LT
actor.country.LU
actor.country.LV
actor.country.LY
actor.country.MA
actor.country.MC
actor.country.MD
actor.country.ME
actor.country.MF
actor.country.MG
actor.country.MH
actor.country.MK
actor.country.ML
actor.country.MM
actor.country.MN
actor.country.MO
actor.country.MP
actor.country.MQ
actor.country.MR
actor.country.MS
actor.country.MT
actor.country.MU
actor.country.MV
actor.country.MW
actor.country.MX
actor.country.MY
actor.country.MZ
actor.country.NA
actor.country.NC
actor.country.NE
actor.country.NF
actor.country.NG
actor.country.NI
actor.country.NL
actor.country.NO
actor.country.NP
actor.country.NR
actor.country.NU
actor.country.NZ
actor.country.OM
actor.country.Other
actor.country.PA
actor.country.PE
actor.country.PF
actor.country.PG
actor.country.PH
actor.country.PK
actor.country.PL
actor.country.PM
actor.country.PN
actor.country.PR
actor.country.PS
actor.country.PT
actor.country.PW
actor.country.PY
actor.country.QA
actor.country.RE
actor.country.RO
actor.country.RS
actor.country.RU
actor.country.RW
actor.country.SA
actor.country.SB
actor.country.SC
actor.country.SD
actor.country.SE
actor.country.SG
actor.country.SH
actor.country.SI
actor.country.SJ
actor.country.SK
actor.country.SL
actor.country.SM
actor.country.SN
actor.country.SO
actor.country.SR
actor.country.SS
actor.country.ST
actor.country.SV
actor.country.SX
actor.country.SY
actor.country.SZ
actor.country.TC
actor.country.TD
actor.country.TF
actor.country.TG
actor.country.TH
actor.country.TJ
actor.country.TK
actor.country.TL
actor.country.TM
actor.country.TN
actor.country.TO
actor.country.TR
actor.country.TT
actor.country.TV
actor.country.TW
actor.country.TZ
actor.country.UA
actor.country.UG
actor.country.UM
actor.country.US
actor.country.UY
actor.country.UZ
actor.country.Unknown
actor.country.VA
actor.country.VC
actor.country.VE
actor.country.VG
actor.country.VI
actor.country.VN
actor.country.VU
actor.country.WF
actor.country.WS
actor.country.YE
actor.country.YT
actor.country.ZA
actor.country.ZM
actor.country.ZW
actor.timeline.unit.NA
actor.timeline.unit.Seconds
actor.timeline.unit.Minutes
actor.timeline.unit.Hours
actor.timeline.unit.Days
actor.timeline.unit.Weeks
actor.timeline.unit.Months
actor.timeline.unit.Years
actor.timeline.unit.Never
actor.timeline.unit.Unknown
actor.asset.management.Internal
actor.asset.management.External
actor.asset.management.Co-managed
actor.asset.management.NA
actor.asset.management.Unknown
actor.asset.variety.S - Authentication
actor.asset.variety.S - Backup
actor.asset.variety.S - Configuration
actor.asset.variety.S - Code repository
actor.asset.variety.S - Database
actor.asset.variety.S - DCS
actor.asset.variety.S - DHCP
actor.asset.variety.S - Directory
actor.asset.variety.S - DNS
actor.asset.variety.S - File
actor.asset.variety.S - ICS
actor.asset.variety.S - Log
actor.asset.variety.S - Mail
actor.asset.variety.S - Mainframe
actor.asset.variety.S - Patch management
actor.asset.variety.S - Payment switch
actor.asset.variety.S - POS controller
actor.asset.variety.S - Print
actor.asset.variety.S - Proxy
actor.asset.variety.S - Remote access
actor.asset.variety.S - SCADA
actor.asset.variety.S - VM host
actor.asset.variety.S - Web application
actor.asset.variety.S - Other
actor.asset.variety.S - Unknown
actor.asset.variety.N - Access reader
actor.asset.variety.N - Broadband
actor.asset.variety.N - Camera
actor.asset.variety.N - Firewall
actor.asset.variety.N - HSM
actor.asset.variety.N - IDS
actor.asset.variety.N - LAN
actor.asset.variety.N - NAS
actor.asset.variety.N - PBX
actor.asset.variety.N - PLC
actor.asset.variety.N - Private WAN
actor.asset.variety.N - Public WAN
actor.asset.variety.N - Router or switch
actor.asset.variety.N - RTU
actor.asset.variety.N - SAN
actor.asset.variety.N - Telephone
actor.asset.variety.N - VoIP adapter
actor.asset.variety.N - WLAN
actor.asset.variety.N - Other
actor.asset.variety.N - Unknown
actor.asset.variety.E - Telemetry
actor.asset.variety.E - Telematics
actor.asset.variety.E - Other
actor.asset.variety.E - Unknown
actor.asset.variety.U - Auth token
actor.asset.variety.U - Desktop
actor.asset.variety.U - Laptop
actor.asset.variety.U - Media
actor.asset.variety.U - Mobile phone
actor.asset.variety.U - Peripheral
actor.asset.variety.U - POS terminal
actor.asset.variety.U - Tablet
actor.asset.variety.U - Telephone
actor.asset.variety.U - VoIP phone
actor.asset.variety.U - Other
actor.asset.variety.U - Unknown
actor.asset.variety.T - ATM
actor.asset.variety.T - Gas terminal
actor.asset.variety.T - Kiosk
actor.asset.variety.T - PED pad
actor.asset.variety.T - Other
actor.asset.variety.T - Unknown
actor.asset.variety.M - Disk drive
actor.asset.variety.M - Disk media
actor.asset.variety.M - Documents
actor.asset.variety.M - Flash drive
actor.asset.variety.M - Payment card
actor.asset.variety.M - Smart card
actor.asset.variety.M - Tapes
actor.asset.variety.M - Other
actor.asset.variety.M - Unknown
actor.asset.variety.P - Auditor
actor.asset.variety.P - Call center
actor.asset.variety.P - Cashier
actor.asset.variety.P - Customer
actor.asset.variety.P - Developer
actor.asset.variety.P - End-user
actor.asset.variety.P - Executive
actor.asset.variety.P - Finance
actor.asset.variety.P - Former employee
actor.asset.variety.P - Guard
actor.asset.variety.P - Helpdesk
actor.asset.variety.P - Human resources
actor.asset.variety.P - Maintenance
actor.asset.variety.P - Manager
actor.asset.variety.P - Partner
actor.asset.variety.P - System admin
actor.asset.variety.P - Other
actor.asset.variety.P - Unknown
actor.asset.variety.Unknown
actor.asset.accessibility.External
actor.asset.accessibility.Internal
actor.asset.accessibility.Isolated
actor.asset.accessibility.Unknown
actor.asset.accessibility.NA
actor.asset.hosting.Internal
actor.asset.hosting.External shared
actor.asset.hosting.External dedicated
actor.asset.hosting.External unknown
actor.asset.hosting.Unknown
actor.asset.hosting.NA
actor.asset.ownership.Victim
actor.asset.ownership.Employee
actor.asset.ownership.Partner
actor.asset.ownership.Customer
actor.asset.ownership.NA
actor.asset.ownership.Unknown
actor.asset.cloud.Customer attack
actor.asset.cloud.Hypervisor
actor.asset.cloud.Partner application
actor.asset.cloud.Hosting governance
actor.asset.cloud.Hosting error
actor.asset.cloud.Microservices
actor.asset.cloud.User breakout
actor.asset.cloud.NA
actor.asset.cloud.Other
actor.asset.cloud.Unknown